README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/RQyEtg8L)
Assignment A4 - Web Component Framework
===

Due: Monday, February 17th, by 11:59 AM.

For this assignment you will re-implement Assignment A3 using React components, a style framework, MongoDB, and either 
1. the React framework, Express, and Passport GitHub authentication, or
2. the NextJS framework with NextAuth for authentication
Please keep in mind that implementing authentication is challenging and can be frustrating to debug. Please start this
assignment early! You may deploy this project on any hosting service (Glitch, DigitalOcean, Heroku etc.).
However, make sure to push your final application to your assignment GitHub repo so the course staff can review the code.

Deliverables
---
Do the following to complete this assignment:

1. Implement your project with the above requirements.
3. Test your project to make sure that when someone goes to your main page on Glitch/Heroku/etc., it displays correctly.
4. Ensure that your project has the proper naming scheme `a4-firstname-lastname` so we can find it.
5. Push to your assignment repository and modify the README to the specifications below. Be sure to add *all* project files.

Sample Readme (delete the above when you're ready to submit, and modify the below so with your links and descriptions)
---

## Your Web Application Title

your hosting link e.g. http://a4-wilsonwong.glitch.me

Include a very brief summary of your project here and what you changed / added to assignment #3. 

Unlike previous assignments, this assignment will be solely graded on whether or not you successfully complete it. Partial credit will be generously given.

Commit message:

Website converted to React, implements Express.js and MongoDB. Passport GitHub implementation in progress.

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/RQyEtg8L)
Assignment A4 - Web Component Framework
===

Due: Monday, February 17th, by 11:59 AM.

For this assignment you will re-implement Assignment A3 using React components, a style framework, MongoDB, and either 
1. the React framework, Express, and Passport GitHub authentication, or
2. the NextJS framework with NextAuth for authentication
Please keep in mind that implementing authentication is challenging and can be frustrating to debug. Please start this
assignment early! You may deploy this project on any hosting service (Glitch, DigitalOcean, Heroku etc.).
However, make sure to push your final application to your assignment GitHub repo so the course staff can review the code.

Deliverables
---
Do the following to complete this assignment:

1. Implement your project with the above requirements.
3. Test your project to make sure that when someone goes to your main page on Glitch/Heroku/etc., it displays correctly.
4. Ensure that your project has the proper naming scheme `a4-firstname-lastname` so we can find it.
5. Push to your assignment repository and modify the README to the specifications below. Be sure to add *all* project files.

Sample Readme (delete the above when you're ready to submit, and modify the below so with your links and descriptions)
---

## Your Web Application Title

your hosting link e.g. http://a4-wilsonwong.glitch.me

Include a very brief summary of your project here and what you changed / added to assignment #3. 

I used React components, React Bootstrap as the framework, MongoDB, Express, and Passport GitHub to create this website.

Unlike previous assignments, this assignment will be solely graded on whether or not you successfully complete it. Partial credit will be generously given.
